--- Page 1 ---
1
butcher
From now on, you can kill as 
many travelers as you want 
in one Kill a Guest action.
Butcher’s Shop
Nicolas Robert
 
France 1831: In a remote corner of Ardèche, the little village of Peyrebeille sees numerous travelers pass through… A family 
of greedy rural farmers is determined to make its fortune, and has devised a diabolical stratagem to achieve this goal: Invest 
in an inn so they can rob traveling guests, getting rich without arousing the suspicions of the police! Whether or not their plan 
will work out, one thing is certain: Not every guest will leave this inn alive…
Important Elements of the Game
Guest cards
Each card represents a guest. The front of the card depicts the guest alive; the back depicts the guest dead. 
Here are the two sides:
Living Side
Contents
•	 78 Guest cards (70 travelers and 8 peasants)
•	 4 Player aid cards
•	 An Inn gameboard
•	 1 First Player card
•	 30 10F (10-franc) Check tiles
•	 32 Key / Room Service tokens in the four player colors 
(8 red, 8 green, 8 blue, and 8 yellow)
•	 4 white Key tokens 
•	 4 wooden discs in the four player colors
•	 1 rulebook
Objective
In this family, it’s every man for himself! At the end 
of the game, there will be a final tally: The richest of 
the innkeepers will be proclaimed victorious!
The color of the card indicates the 
guest’s type. The travelers who come to 
rent a room at the inn are divided into 5 
types of guest: merchants (blue), artisans 
(red), police (grey), religious (purple), and 
nobles (green). Peasants (yellow) are a spe-
cial kind of guest that spends a lot of time 
in the bistro at the inn.
The characters are sorted by rank, 
from 0 to 3.
The money the guest has in his poc-
kets.
The lower part of the card depicts the 
annex that the Guest allows you to build. 
The power of the annex is both depicted as 
an icon and explained in text.
Dead Side
Reminder of the guest’s rank.
The money the guest has in his 
pockets.
4 of the 6 types have a particular ap-
titude for carrying out one action. This 
icon is a reminder of this aptitude.


--- Page 2 ---
2
The Inn Board
Setup
•	Give	each	player	two Peasant cards and one Player 
Aid card . The peasants form your starting hand. 
Place your Player Aid card on the table, in your 
play area; it also serves as a barn. With fewer than 
4 players, leave the unused Peasant and Player Aid 
cards in the box.
•	Build	the	Traveler	deck:	Depending	on	the	number	
of players and the length of game you wish to play, 
you will put a certain number of cards back in the 
box, without looking at them.
Short Game Long Game
2 players remove 35 cards remove 25 cards
3 players remove 28 cards remove 16 cards
4 players remove 22 cards remove 6 cards
Shuffle the rest of the cards to form a deck, and place 
it at the entrance to the inn, at the left of the board. 
Place the cards so the Living side is visible. These 
cards form the Entrance Stack.
•	Each	player	chooses	a	player	color	and	receives	the	
8 Key / Room Service tokens and the disc of that 
color. Place your disc on the 5F space of the Wealth 
Track	on	the	Inn	board.
•	Each	player	takes	one 10F Check tile. The other 
Check tiles form a supply near the gameboard.
•	You	will	now	determine	which	rooms	are	open:
 - Each player places a Key token of his color on an 
unclaimed room of his choice (the position of the 
room makes no difference, so just choose a room 
close to you).
 - In a 2- or 3-player game, place a Key token of the 
neutral color on each of 3 doors of the inn. In a 
4-player game, place one on each of 4.
•	The	greediest	player	takes	the	First Player card (as 
everyone knows, the greediest person is the one with 
the most coins in his pockets!).
The Wealth Track indicates 
how much liquid cash each 
player has; the maximum is 40 
francs (« 40F »).
Each door to a room  
in the inn, numbered 
from 1 to 8, can accom-
modate one Key token 
and one Room Service 
token. The color of the 
Key token indicates which 
player owns that room.
At the entrance to the inn, 
you will find the stack of cards 
representing Guests that are en-
tering the inn. We will call this 
stack the Entrance Stack.
At the exit from 
the inn, you will find 
the stack of cards re-
presenting Guests that 
are leaving the inn.We 
will call this stack the 
Exit Stack.
Each door leads to a 
room that can accommo-
date one Traveler card.
The bistro, where the 
Peasant cards go.
Concierge
Immediately place a Room 
Service token next to a  Key token. 
From now on, when a Guest rents this room, he immediately pays a sum equal to his rank.
room service
brigadier chief
butcher
From now on, you can kill as many travelers as you want in one Kill a Guest action.
Butcher’s Shop


--- Page 3 ---
3
Playing the Game
The game is divided into two seasons and a variable 
number	of	rounds.	During	the	first	season,	travelers	
arrive at the entrance to the inn for the first time, and 
the lucky ones will continue their trek. They will be 
in the entrance stack for the second season.
Each round is divided into 3 phases: welcome 
travelers (evening), player actions (night), and end 
of round (morning).
Phase 1: Welcome Travelers (evening)
The First Player is responsible for welcoming travelers 
for this round. He must perform the following steps:
 - Draw	 the	 top	 card	 from	 the	 Entrance	 Stack	 
(making the second traveler of the stack visible).
 - Place the traveler in an open (i.e. has a Key to-
ken), unoccupied (i.e. has no traveler) room of his 
choice.
 - Reiterate this process until there is a traveler in 
each open room. 
Note: the first time the Entrance Stack becomes empty, 
shuffle the cards of the Exit Stack in order to form a 
new Entrance Stack. The second time the Entrance Stack 
becomes empty, do a normal final round, even if the inn 
is not completely full (Exception: Don’t play the final 
round if there are fewer travelers in the inn than the 
number of players - see End of the Game).
Example
Phase 2: Player Actions (night)
Starting with the first player, then going clockwise, 
each player performs a first action. Then, each player 
in turn must perform a second action.
On your turn, you may:
1.	Bribe	a	Guest
2.	Build	an	Annex
3. Kill a Guest 
4.	Bury	a	Corpse
5. Pass (and Launder Money)
The first four actions in the list operate on the same 
principle:
 - When you take one of these actions, you choose a 
Guest card in play (in your hand or in the inn, as 
appropriate).
 - You	must	play	a	number	of	cards	defined	by	the	
rank of the chosen card.
 - Then, you reclaim any cards you played that have 
an aptitude for the chosen action; you lose the 
other cards.
 - You	perform	the	action.
1. Bribe a Guest
This action allows you to take a Guest card from the 
inn into your hand. Guests in your hand are your 
accomplices, who will help you in your macabre 
enterprise.
There are 4 steps to bribing a Traveler in a room of 
the inn:
 - Select	the	Traveler	you	want	to	bribe	from	among	
those renting rooms at the inn, regardless of who 
owns that room.
 - Play on the table as many Guest cards from your 
hand	as	the	rank	of	the	Traveler	you	just	chose	(e.g.	
0	cards	for	a	rank-0	Traveler;	3	cards	for	a	rank-3	
Traveler).
 - From the cards you just played, return cards with 
the 
 icon to your hand (these guest have an 
aptitude	for	the	Bribe	action);	put	the	other	cards	
in the Exit Stack. (Exception: If you played any  
Peasants, put them in the bistro of the inn, instead 
of the Exit Stack.)
 -  Add the bribed guest to your hand.
In the same way, it is possible to bribe the peasants 
that are in the bistro. If you choose to bribe peasants, 
you can take one or two (your choice: it is easier to 
corrupt peasants!). Peasants are rank 0, and thus do 
not require playing any cards to bribe them.
In a 3-player game, 
Anna is responsible for 
greeting the travelers 
because she is the first 
player. She takes the 
first card of the Entrance 
Stack, the landsca -
per, into her hand. She 
chooses to lodge him in 
the yellow player’s room.
Anna greets the next 5 travelers in a similar 
fashion in order to fill the 6 open rooms of the inn. 
count
dining room
Immediately earn 9F.
LANDSCAPER
Immediately earn 4F.
At the end of the 
game, earn 4F per red 
card in the Exit Stack.park
LANDSCAPER
Immediately earn 4F.
At the end of the 
game, earn 4F per red 
card in the Exit Stack.park


--- Page 4 ---
4
Example
Anna wants to bribe the rank-3 landscaper in Ma-
deline’s room. To do this, she plays 3 cards from her 
hand.  The peasant returns to the bistro because 
peasants always return to the bistro.  The novice 
continues on his journey because he has no apti-
tude for bribery. 
 The newsboy returns to An-
na’s hand because he has an aptitude for bribery.  
 Anna then takes the landscaper into her hand 
as an accomplice. 
2. Build an Annex
This action allows you to place one of your accom-
plices (one of the Guest cards from your hand) in 
front	of	you	in	order	to	benefit	from	its	power.	You	
will also need annexes in order to bury corpses, but 
more on that topic later…. 
Note: Your accomplice has allowed you to build this 
annex, but you won’t be able to count on his abilities 
thereafter, because he is too busy!
There are 4 steps to building an annex:
 - Choose	a	Traveler	card	from your hand that de-
picts an annex.
 - Play on the table as many other guest cards from 
your hand as the rank of the card you chose.
 - From the cards you just played, return cards with 
the 
 icon to your hand (these guest have an 
aptitude	for	the	Build	an	Annex	action);	put	the	
other cards in the Exit Stack. (Exception: If you 
played any Peasants, put them in the bistro of the 
inn, instead of the Exit Stack).
 - Place	the	Traveler	card	chosen	in	front	of	you	on	
the table, with its Living side visible; this now be-
comes an annex. There is no limit to the number of 
annexes you can have in front of you, and you can 
have several copies of the same annex. The advan-
tages of these cards are explained at the end of the 
rulebook.
Note: Police and Peasant cards cannot become an-
nexes (notice that there is no house icon at the bottom 
of these cards), so they cannot be chosen as the target 
of the Build action.
Example
3. Kill a Guest
When you kill a Guest of the inn, you put him in 
front	of	you	Dead-side-up.	It	pains	you,	but	what	
can you do? This is the life you have chosen! Keep in 
mind	that	you	have	a	code	of	honor:	You	only	steal	
money from a Guest when you bury him!
There are 4 steps to killing a Guest:
 - Select	the	Traveler	you	want	to	kill	from	the	inn	(in	
a room of your choice or in the bistro; it’s possible 
to kill the Peasants).
 - Play on the table as many Guest cards from your 
hand	as	the	rank	of	the	Traveler	you	just	chose.
peasant
LANDSCAPER
Immediately earn 4F.
At the end of the 
game, earn 4F per red 
card in the Exit Stack.
park
novice
altar
Immediately earn 1F per 
purple annex you have built, 
including this one. 
Mechanic
workshop
From now on, play 1 accom-
plice fewer to perform the 
Build an Annex action.
peasant
newsboy
kiosk
Immediately earn 1F 
per blue annex you have 
built, including this one. 
distiller
At the end of each round, 
do not pay the wages for 
one of the accomplices in 
your hand.
distillery
Mechanic
workshop
From now on, play 1 accom-
plice fewer to perform the 
Build an Annex action.
barn
player aid card
This player aid card is a 
rank-1 annex, so you can 
bury a corpse under it.
Phase 1 – Welcome Travelers
Phase 2 – Player Actions (2 action rounds)
BRIBE A GUEST: Take a traveler or two peasants 
from the inn into your hand.
BUILD AN ANNEX: Play an accomplice from your 
hand to the table (living side).
KILL A GUEST: Put a guest from the inn on the 
table (dead side).
BURY A CORPSE: Tuck a corpse under an annex.
PASS:  Do nothing or launder money.
Phase 3 – End of Round
a. Police investigation
b. Guests leave
c. Pay wages
novice
altar
Immediately earn 1F per 
purple annex you have built, 
including this one. 
peasant
VISCOUNT
King Size Bed
Immediately earn 6F.
Madeline wants to build the distillery associa-
ted with the distiller she has in her hand. Because 
the distiller is rank 2, she plays 2 other cards from 
her hand.  The viscount continues on his jour -
ney because he has no aptitude for building an-
nexes.
 The mechanic returns to Madeline’s hand 
because he has an aptitude for building annexes.
 Madeline then places the distiller on the table, 
in her play area, as an annex. From now on, she 
can benefit from its effect. 

--- Page 5 ---
5
 - From the cards you just played, return cards with 
the 
  icon to your hand (these guests have an 
aptitude for the Kill a Guest action); put the other 
cards in the Exit Stack. (Exception: If you played 
any Peasants, put them in the bistro of the inn, 
instead of the Exit Stack). 
 - Place the Guest card in front of you on the table, 
with	its	Dead	Guest	side	visible;	this	now	becomes	
a corpse. There is no limit to the number of corpses 
you can have in front of you, but watch out for the 
police!
 Example
4. Bury a Corpse
You	can	bury	the	corpse	of	a	guest	you	killed	in	a	
previous action.
There are 4 steps to burying a corpse:
 - Select the corpse you want to bury from among 
those in front of you.
 - Play on the table as many accomplices as the rank 
of the card you just chose.
 - From the cards you just played, return cards with 
the 
 icon to your hand (these travelers have an 
aptitude	for	the	Bury	a	Corpse	action);	put	the	
other cards in the Exit Stack. (Exception: If you 
played any Peasants, put them in the bistro of the 
inn, instead of the Exit Stack).
 - Place the corpse card under an annex of your 
choice, regardless of who owns it, leaving enough 
of the card sticking out so that you can see the 
amount of money in the corpse’s pocket. The num-
ber of bodies that can be buried under an annex 
is equal to rank of the annex (e.g. you can bury 2 
corpses in a rank-2 annex, and no corpses under 
a	rank-0	annex).	You	and	the	owner	of	the	annex	
share the money in the corpse’s pocket, by advan-
cing	your	tokens	on	the	Wealth	Track	(if	you	bury	
the corpse under one of your own annexes, you 
take all the money for yourself, of course).
Note: It is possible to bury a corpse under the barn.
Important: It is impossible to have more than 40 
francs on the Wealth Track. If your earnings would 
take you over 40 francs, tough, you have nowhere 
to keep the excess! However, 40 francs is not the 
maximum score, as we will explain a little further 
below.
Example
5. Pass (and Launder Money) 
You	can	choose	not	to	do	any	of	the	above	actions	
on your turn. In this case, you are allowed, but not 
required, to meet the crooked village notary to laun-
der	money.	You	can	then	either:
 - Exchange a portion of your cash for 10F Checks 
(for example, you can give up 20 francs on the 
Wealth	Track	to	earn	two	10F	Checks).
 - Cash Checks in order to increase your cash by 10 
francs per Check.
In order to bury 
her rank-2 corpse, 
Madeline plays 2 
cards from her hand. 
 The peasant re-
turns to the bistro. 
 The grocer goes on 
the Exit Stack.  She 
slips the corpse under her 
own rank-3 annex, and 
advances her disc 18F on 
the Wealth Track. 
prince
At the end of the game, 
 earn 3F per  check you have.
GReenhouse
cultivator
Immediately earn 1F per 
red annex you have built, 
including this one. vegetable garden
peasant
 Shopkeeper
From now on, you can bribe 
as many travelers as you 
want in one Bribe a Guest 
action.
store
peasant
Madeline wants to kill the baron in Anna’s room. 
Because the baron is rank 0, Madeline does not 
need to play any cards in order perform this action.  
 Madeline takes the baron and places him on the 
table, in her play area, with his Dead side visible.
BARon
large chandelier
Immediately earn 4F.


--- Page 6 ---
6
Phase 3: End of Round (morning)
The end of the round is divided into 3 steps: police 
investigation, travelers leave, and pay wages.
a. Police Investigation
If there is at least one Police card in an open room at 
the inn, the police investigate! Each player having at 
least one unburied corpse must appeal to the village 
gravedigger, in order to avoid being arrested. Each 
player must pay 10 francs per unburied corpse he has, 
and then discard his unburied corpses (put them in 
the box).
Note: You can pay the gravedigger with a 10F Check. 
If you are unable to pay the gravedigger, pay what you 
can with coins and checks, and the gravedigger will 
nevertheless assist you in getting rid of your corpses! 
What a guy!
b. Travelers Leave
Each player earns 1F for each room of his color (i.e. 
each door with a Key token of his color) occupied by 
a Guest card. 
Note: The rooms that are open due to white Key tokens 
earn the players nothing.
The	inn	is	then	emptied.	Place	all	the	Traveler	cards	
from the inn rooms on the Exit Stack with their  
Living side visible.
c. Pay Wages
Each player must pay his accomplices: Move your 
disc	back	on	the	Wealth	Track	1F	per	Guest	card	in	
your hand.
Warning, your accomplices do not trust you enough 
to accept checks! Once you drop to 0 on the Wealth 
Track,	you	will	have	to	let	any	unpaid	accomplices	
go; place them on the Exit Stack (except for Peasants, 
who go to the bistro)!
The first player gives the First Player card to the 
player on his left and a new turn can begin.
Example
End of the Game
The second time the Entrance Stack becomes empty, 
finish the round, and the game ends.
Note: Do not play the last round if there are fewer 
Travelers in the inn than there are players. In this case, 
put the rest of the Guests on the Exit Stack.
Each player having at least one unburied corpse 
must appeal to the village gravedigger, in order to 
avoid being arrested. Each player must pay 10 francs 
per unburied corpse he has, and then discard his 
unburied corpses (to be paid with a check if needed).
Evaluate the rank-3 annexes that earn you money.
Note: Even now, you cannot have more than 40 francs 
on the Wealth Track!
Calculate each player’s booty by adding 10 francs per 
Check	he	has	to	his	value	on	the	Wealth	Track.	The	
richest player is declared victorious! In the event of a 
tie, the winner is the richest player who has the most 
corpses under his annexes. If there is still a tie, then 
the game ends in a tie, and you must play again!!
The players have done their two turns of actions. 
One Police card remains in the inn, which triggers 
a Police Investigation. Madeline, who still has an  
unburied corpse, must rely upon the services of the village 
gravedigger, paying 10F. Sebastien earns 2F because his 
2 rooms are occupied. After having put the 4 Traveler 
cards remaining in the inn into the Exit Stack, each 
player pays 1F per Guest card in his hand.
count
Immediately earn 9F.
dining room
Shopkeeper
From now on, you can bribe 
as many travelers as you 
want in one Bribe a Guest 
action.store
bishop
Immediately earn 4F. At
the end of the game, earn 
4F per purple card 
in the Exit Stack.bishopric
distiller
distillery
At the end of each round, 
do not pay the wages for 
one of the accomplices in 
your hand.
peacekeeper
LANDSCAPER
Immediately earn 4F.
At the end of the 
game, earn 4F per red 
card in the Exit Stack.park
peasant


--- Page 7 ---
7
Alternate Scenarios (variants)
Unlimited Wealth (to discover the game)
It is possible to gain more than 40F . Whenever you 
have more than 40F , take four 10F Checks and start 
your	disc	back	at	the	beginning	of	the	Wealth	Track.
First Come, First Served (for beginners, or for a slightly 
faster game)
When welcoming travelers, the first player does not 
decide in which room to lodge each of the travelers 
who arrives, but instead lodges them according to the 
order in which they arrive: The first traveler goes in 
Room #1; the second in Room #2; etc.
Solitaire Game
The solitaire game is played the same way, with the 
following exceptions:
- Setup:
1.	Build	the	Guest	deck	by	removing	34	cards	(short	
game) or 26 cards (long game).
2. Place 1 Key token of your color and 3 Key tokens of 
a neutral color on the doors of the inn.
3. In addition to the 2 Peasants in your hand, place 2 
Peasants in the bistro.
 - You	lose	the	game	if	you	have	any	unburied	corpses	
either during a Police Investigation or at the end of 
the game.
 - Your	goal	is	to	get	the	best	score	you	can.	In	a	long	
game, check your rank according to your score: 
•	 110F-129F: worrying innkeeper
•	 130F-149F: hazardous innkeeper
•	 150F-169F: evil innkeeper
•	 >170F: demonic innkeeper
Designer: Nicolas Robert . Illustrations: Weberson Santiago 
. Graphics: Luis Francisco . Editing of the French Rules: 
Sébastien Dujardin & Nicolas Robert .  English	Translation: 
Nathan Morse
Thanks: The designer thanks his spouse Laureline and his 
children Maë and Këo for their unfaltering support and 
innumerable playtesting sessions since the first prototype, 
and also Sébastien for his confidence, his advice, and his 
always-relevant suggestions!
Traveler (Annex) - effecT Tip /example/ClarifiCaTion
0 Cultivator (Vegetable Garden) -  Immediately earn 1F per red 
annex you have built, including this one.
It is better to build a vegetable garden toward the end of 
the game, because you cannot bury corpses under it.
1 Mechanic (Workshop) - From now on, play 1 accomplice fewer 
to perform the Build an Annex action.
Example: You can build a rank-1 annex without playing 
any cards from your hand. Y ou are not required to take 
advantage of the workshop when you perform a Build 
action.
2 Distiller (Distillery) - At the end of the round, do not pay the 
wages for one of the accomplices in your hand.
Example: You only pay 1 franc if you have two accomplices 
in your hand. If you have no cards in your hand at the end 
of the round, you do not gain 1 franc.
3 Gardener (Gardens) - At the end of each round, earn an additional 
2F during the Travelers Leave phase. -
3 Landscaper (park) - Immediately earn 4F . At the end of the 
game, earn 4 francs per red card in the Exit Stack. -
3 Butcher (Butcher’s shop) - From now on, you can kill as many 
travelers as you want in one Kill a Guest action.
Y ou must play a number of Guest cards from your hand 
equal to the sum of the ranks of the killed travelers. 
Example: Killing a rank-1 traveler and a rank-2 traveler 
costs you 3 accomplices from your hand. Warning: This ef-
fect only applies to Travelers in rooms, not to Peasants.
0 NewsBoy (kiosk) - Immediately earn 1F per blue annex you 
have built, including this one. 
It is better to build a kiosk toward the end of the game, 
because you cannot bury corpses under it.
1 representative (parlor) - From now on, play 1 accomplice 
fewer to perform the Bribe a Guest action.
You can bribe a rank-2 traveler by playing merely one card 
from your hand. Y ou are not required to take advantage of 
the parlor when you perform a Bribe action.

--- Page 8 ---
8
2
Concierge (Room service) - Immediately place a Room Service to-
ken next to a Key token. From now on, when a Guest rents 
this room, he immediately pays a sum equal to his rank.
There can only be one Room Service token per room. 
Example: A rank-3 traveler pays 3F to the owner of the 
Room Service token that is on his room.
3 Grocer (Grocery) - Immediately earn 4F . At the end of the 
game, earn 4 francs per blue card in the Exit Stack. -
3 Shopkeeper (Store) - From now on, you can bribe as many 
travelers as you want in one Bribe a Guest action.
Y ou must play a number of Guest cards from your hand 
equal to the sum of the ranks of the chosen cards. Example: 
Bribing 2 rank-2 guests costs you 4 cards. Note: This effect 
only applies to Travelers in rooms, not to Peasants.
3 Brewer (Brewery) - From now on, you can bribe up to four 
peasant simultaneously in one Bribe a Guest action. Careful, because you must pay your peasants’ wages!
0 NoviCe (AltaR) - Immediately earn 1F per purple annex you 
have built, including this one. 
It is better to build an altar toward the end of the game, 
because you cannot bury corpses under it.
1 Monk (RooM)  - Immediately replace one of the white Key 
tokens with one of your Key tokens.
The Monk permits you to claim one of the neutral rooms 
(the number of open rooms remains the same).
2 AbBot (Cellar) - From now on, play 1 accomplice fewer to 
perform the Bury a Corpse action.
Example: You can bury a rank-3 corpse by playing merely 
two cards from your hand. Y ou are not required to take 
advantage of the cellar when you perform a Bury action.
3
prieSt (ChApel) - From now on, you are not required to dis-
card accomplices of the other types when you use them 
for a Bury a Corpse action.
Example: You can take the Peasant, which you played to 
bury a rank-1 corpse, back into your hand. 
3 ArchBishop (Crypt) - From now on, you can bury as many 
corpses as you want in one Bury a Corpse action.
Y ou must play a number of accomplices, all at once, equal 
to the sum of the ranks of the chosen corpses.
Example: To bury 2 rank-1 corpses in a single action, you 
must play 2 cards.
3 Bishop (BishopriC) - Immediately earn 4 francs. At the end of 
the game, earn 4 francs per purple card in the Exit Stack. -
0 BaRon (GrAnd ChandelieR) - Immediately earn 4 francs. -
1 Viscount (king Size Bed) - Immediately earn 6 francs. -
2 Count (diniNg RooM) - Immediately earn 9 francs. -
3 duke (Stables) - Immediately earn 4 francs. At the end of 
the game, earn 4 francs per green card in the Exit Stack. -
3 prinCe (GreeNhouse) - At the end of the game, earn 3 francs per 
check you have. -
3 Marquis (pavilion) - Immediately earn 18 francs. -
Summary of a Game Round
Phase 1: Welcome TRAVELERs
Phase 2: Player Actions
Starting with the first player and going clockwise, 
each player performs a first action. Then each player 
performs a second action in the same manner.
On your turn, you may:
1.	Bribe	a	guest	
2.	Build	an	annex
3. Kill a guest 
4.	Bury	a	corpse
5. Pass (and launder money).
Phase 3: End of Round
a. Police investigation
b. Guests leave
c. Pay wages

